meg
it's awesome well
of course it is i think it's time we
talk
what is it the writer says tell the
story you know
[Music]
hello everyone make yourself to home mr
megawitz or shall i call you herman
please call me meg
meg frank mink this is herman mankiewicz
but where to call him mank bankowitz
herman mankowitz new york playwright and
drama creation humble screenwriter
mr hurst this is a business where the
buyer gets nothing for his money but a
memory
what he bought still belongs to the man
who sold it that's the real magic of the
movies
thunder like blood fire
someone saved me all in one film
that's director program that's why i
always want man carol
i hear you're hunting dangerous game
god bless william randolph hurst
ready and willing to hunt the great
white whale just call me ahab
do come in at this rate you will never
finish you said
90 days wells at 60 i'm doing the best i
can
i've put up with your suicidal drinking
your compulsive gambling your silly
platonic affairs
you owe me herman who do you
think you are you're nothing but a
caught jester
what i want to know is what you think of
it it's a bit of a jumble the collection
of fragments that
leap around in time like mexican jumping
beans welcome to my mind old sock
him i get but what did marion ever do to
deserve it it's
not her not all characters are
headliners
some are secondary you pick a fight with
willy you are finished
mayor can't save you nobody can
especially the boy genius from new york
i removed any distraction eliminated
every excuse
your family your cronies liquor i
gave you a second chance you cannot
capture
a man's entire life in two hours all you
can hope is to leave the impression on
what
why hurst outside his own blonde betty
boop you're always his favorite dinner
partner
are you familiar with the parable of the
organ grinders
monkey
[Music]
you